What are you doing?
OK
Hurry up and accompany me to a party
Why didn't I do anything to you?
Are you disappointed?
Hmm, that's right.
Like a play and a song, Yangchun will also come. Hmm.
I'll pack it right away
First, you are not allowed to dress up too beautifully
Second, don't leave me
Third, you are not allowed to see Luxi root cut sheep and wear them
Otherwise I'll make you regret knowing me
Yeah, you get the message.
Mr. Zhang
I'll take a look at the stock you mentioned.
Okay, that stock must be called to me.
Mr. Chen, can I go to the bathroom first?
My stomach hurts.
Come back early.
OK
Toilet toilet
Muse your perfume
Aqiu
Lucy
Lucy, you are my fan.
You're fishing gear, right?
Did you write all the news that hacked me?
Do you want to take pictures?
Okay, I'll take a picture for you.
What entertainment gossip do you want to use this time?
To smear me